لسلام عليكم يا دكتور ماجد انا طالب في اخر سنه في قسم سوفتوير كريديت.
انا بعمل مشروع التخرج بTangle 
(Distributed ledger similar to blockchain but use acrylic graph) 
البروجيكت بتاعي في جزء IoT 
كنت عاي. اخد Fund بعد ما اخلص الجامعه . ولقيت incubator اسمها EBNI بتمول مشاريع الblockchain و الIoT. 
انا بصيت علي الstaff بتعهم ولقيت حضرتك من  ضمن الstaff فاكنت عايز اسأل الأسئلة دي
١-الapplication form هياخد مني مجهود كبير علشان امله صح فا هما بيخادو بيه ولا ممكن ميبصوش فيه اصلا؟
٢- حضرتك ايه رايك فيهم وعموما هما ممكن يدعمو فكرة  ريسك كبير ولا هما  مهتمين بstartup تجيب فلوس بطريقه مضمونه   
٣-حضرتك تقدر ترشحلي incubator تانين وايه رايك فيهم؟

وحاجة كمان فIHUB انا شفت بروجيكتات IoT بس انا معرفش حد هناك. فا لوممكن اي حد شغالIoT نجرب  نIntegrate مع بعض الشغل؟ هو هيبقي جرب يوصل شغله  بdecentralized sytsme وانا هيبقي جربت use case حقيقية



Offer blockchain data and value transactions for any embedded device connected with wifi module. By making api call blockchain services integrate easily with any system.
Use cases:
1- Integrate with fingerprints devices transfer token to each employ arrive  on time.
2- For Car sensors save detailed report in transparent way.
3-Safety devices on transport like plain, cars and buses sensor make a reports when any accidents occur
Offer easy integration between blockchain and embedded system devices and web app.Use blockchain as third parties system developers don't need to understand any of blockchain  they could make data or value transactions.

For my graduation project, I will use this Blockchain as a service On this 2 cases Supply Chain and recycling.
I want to use supply chain to force organizations to use Eco-friendly products and on the same time help organizations to get all materials they need to recycle.
My Project scenario:

1-Eco Friendly Material Producers will create accounts on my platform and I will save their data using IPFS.

2-When an Organization buy some Eco-Friendly materials. All this material are saved using QR-code so:

a) I will send ‘initialize root’ using restricted MAM then the returned root address will be send using public transaction.

b)Then the ID will be a JSON object message with the time and the id of the created product.

c) All products could be tracked using the ‘initialize root’ address and the side key given to all devices as it’s a restricted MAM

3- All Organization bought Eco-Friend materials  will be rating each organization according to their usage (quantity bought) of Eco-friendly products.

The rating will be as follows:

‘B’ rate for non registered companies

‘BB’ rate for usage (quantity bought) less than 1 Ton

‘A’ rate for usage between 1 and 5 tones (1< & <5 Tonnes)

‘AA’ rate for usage between 5 and 10 tones (5< & <10)

‘ AAA’ rate for more than 10 tones of usage. Organization who recycled all their trash will add ‘+’ sign to their rate else will add ‘-’ sign.

I determine the quantity of Eco-friendly used materials by a bar-code on them.

4- The final output will be a Leader Board with the best and worst Organization

5-After consuming the products, The clients(end user who used the organization products made by Eco-Friendly material) could put the products to be recycled on our trash. Clients must enter their public wallet address and they will receive tokens for material they returned to be recycled.
